now it came to pass in the fourth year
of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Judah that this word came to Jeremiah
from the Lord take a scroll of a book
and write on it all the words that I
have spoken to you against Israel
against Judah and against all the
nations from the day I spoke to you from
the days of Josiah even to this day it
may be of the house of Judah we'll hear
all the adversities which I've purposed
to bring upon them that everyone may
turn from his evil way that I may
forgive their iniquity and their sin
then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of
Neriah and Eric wrote on a scroll of a
book at the instruction of Jeremiah all
the words of the Lord which he had
spoken to him and Jeremiah commanded
Baruch I am confined I cannot go into
the house of the Lord you go therefore
and read from the scroll which you have
written that my instruction the words of
the Lord in the hearing of the people in
the Lord's house on the day of fasting
and you shall also read them in the
hearing of all Judah who come from their
cities it may be that they will present
their supplication before the Lord and
everyone will turn from his evil way for
great is the anger and the fury that the
Lord has pronounced against this people
and Babe Ruth the son of Neriah did
according to all the Jeremiah the
Prophet commanded him reading from the
book the words of the Lord in the Lord's
house now it came to pass in the fifth
year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king
of Judah in the ninth month that they
proclaimed a fast before the Lord to all
the people in Jerusalem and to all the
people who came from the cities of Judah
to Jerusalem then Baruch read from the
book the words of Jeremiah in the house
of the Lord in the chamber of Gemara the
son of Schaeffer the
in the upper court at the entry of the
new gate of the Lord's house in the
hearing of all the people when I care
the son of gay Mariah the son of shaphan
heard all the words of the Lord from the
book he then went down to the King's
house into the scribes chamber and there
all the princes were sitting
Alysha man the scribe delay the son of
shamea l Nathan the son of equi gay
Mariah the son of shaphan Zedekiah the
son of Hananiah and all the princes then
my care declared to them all the words
that he had heard when Baruch read the
book in the hearing of the people
therefore all the princes sent judah the
son of Nathaniel the son of Chell Amaya
the son of Q shy to Behram take in your
hand the scroll from which you have read
in the hearing of the people and come so
Babel the son of Neriah took the scroll
in his hand and came to them and they
said to him sit down now and read it in
our hearing so Bayreuth vetted in their
hear how it happened when they had heard
all the words that they looked in fear
from one to another and said to Beirut
we will surely tell the king of all
these words tell us now how did you
write all these words at his instruction
so Baybrook answered them he proclaimed
with his mouth all these words to me and
I wrote them with ink in the book then
the princess said to Baruch go and hide
you and Jeremiah and let no one know
where you are and they went to the King
into the court but they stored the
scroll in the chamber of Alishan
described and told all the words in the
hearing of the King so the king sent Qi
Shuai to bring the scroll
and he took it from Alishan the scribes
chamber and he hewed I read it in the
hearing of the team and in the hearing
of all the princes who stood beside the
king now the king was sitting in the
winter house in the ninth month with a
fire burning on the half before him and
it happened when jeehyun I had read
three or four columns that the King cut
it with the scribes knife and cast it
into the fire that was on the ha until
all the scroll was consumed in the fire
that was on the heart yet they were not
afraid nor did they tear their garments
the king nor any of his servants who
heard all these words nevertheless l
Nathan delay and gemara implored the
King not to burn the scroll but he would
not listen to them and the king
commanded Jeremy ell the king's son
Sariah
the son of Israel and shall amira the
son of AB DL to cease Baruch the scribe
and Jeremiah the Prophet but the Lord
hid them now after the King had burned
the scroll with the words which Baruch
had written at the instruction of
Jeremiah the word of the Lord came to
Jeremiah take yet another scroll and
write on it all the former words that
were in the first scroll which Jehoiakim
the King of Judah has burned and you
shall say to Jehoiakim king of Judah
thus says the Lord you have burned this
scroll saying why have you written in it
that the king of Babylon will certainly
come and destroy this land and cause man
and beast to cease from here therefore
thus says the Lord concerning Jehoiakim
king of Judah he shall have no one to
sit on the throne of David and his dead
body shall be cast out to the heat of
the day and the frost of the night I
will punish him his family
his servants for their iniquity and I
will bring on them on the inhabitants of
Jerusalem and on the men of Judah all
the doom that I have pronounced against
them but they did not heed then Jeremiah
took another scroll and gave it to
Baybrook the scribe the son of Neriah
who wrote on it at the instruction of
Jeremiah all the words of the book which
Jehoiakim king of Judah had burned in
the fire and besides they were added to
them many similar words
[Music]